nosolution = "It seems your problem could not be identified or a solution to your query is not available. Please contact our support at 0889 0996 or via our website www.support.org"
sol1 = "If the screen of your device is broken it may need replacement. Visit your local phone repair shop or contact your provider"
sol2 = "Make sure the battery is inserted properly. Let the phone charge. If the device is not charging make sure the battery isn't cold or faulty if it is it may need replacement so visit your local phone repair shop."
sol3 = "If the screen is not responding press and hold the power button to restart the device. If that doesn't help make sure the device is fully charged and try again. If the issue remains visit your local phone repair store."
sol4 = "If you are locked out of your phone follow the forgotten password instructions if available on your device. If not make sure all your device information is backed up on another device if not visit your local phone repair store."
sol5 = "If you can't make calls make sure you have reception. If you have reception it may be an issue with your provider so contact them thorugh their website or phone of you have another available."
sol6 = "If your text messages are not going through you may not have reception which may happen in some areas (especially underground stations). Otherwise the issue may be with your provider so contact them when possible."
sol7 = "If your keypad is not working restart your device by holding down the power button. If problem persists visit local phone repair shop."
sol8 = "If you have no reception try moving to another area. If the problem persists it could be the fault of your provider try to contact them when possible."
sol9 = "If your device got wet remove the battery and if that isn't possible turn of the device then gently dry it with a paper towel then leave it in a bag of rice overnight so the moisture is absorbed"

p1 = "broken", "crack", "cracked", "dropped", "broke"
p2 = "turn on", "power up", "power", "battery", "charge"
p3 = "responding", "blank", "response"
p4 = "locked", "lock", "password", "passcode", "pin"
p5 = "calls", "call", "calling"
p6 = "text", "texting", "messages", "texts"
p7 = "keypad", "keys", "buttons", "keyboard", "key"
p8 = "reception", "signal", "bars"
p9 = "wet", "water", "liquid", "soaked"
